Description:

  Export a simulation driver script for simulating the design in the current
  project for a given simulator. The generated script will contain simulator
  commands for compiling, elaborating and simulating the design. 

  The command will retrieve the simulation compile order for the specified
  object which can be either a simulation fileset or an IP and export this
  information in the driver script with the compiler commands and default options.

Arguments:

  -of_objects - (Optional) Specify the target object for which the simulation
  driver file needs to be generated. The target object can be either a simulation
  fileset (simset) or an IP. If this option is not specified then this command
  will generate driver file for the current simulation fileset top.
  
  -relative_to - (Optional) Specify the directory path based on which the
  project sources and include directories will be made relative to in the 
  generated driver file.

  -32bit - (Optional) Specify this option to perform 32bit simulation

  -force - (Optional) Overwrite an existing driver script file of the same
  name. If the script file already exists, the tool returns an error unless
  the -force argument is specified. 

  -dir - (Required) Specify the directory path where the simulation files will
  be exported.

  -simulator - (Required) Specify the simulator for which the simulation files
  needs to be generated. The valid simulators are "ies" and "vcs_mx".

  -quiet - (Optional) Execute the command quietly, ignoring any command line
  errors and returning no messages. The command also returns TCL_OK regardless
  of any errors encountered during execution.

  -verbose - (Optional) Temporarily override any message limits and return all
  messages from this command.

  Note: Message limits can be defined with the set_msg_config command.

Examples:

  The following example exports a driver script named "fifo_sim_ies.txt" in the 
  current directory for the current active simulation fileset with "top" property
  set to "fifo":-

  % export_simulation -simulator ies -dir "."

See Also:

   *  current_fileset
   *  get_files
   *  launch_xsim
   *  launch_modelsim
